doc(viewer): rewrite/rearrange viewer reference (#48)
bimdata/documentation: src/viewer/reference/$viewer.md

const element = await this.$viewer.api.apiClient.modelApi.getElement(
  this.$viewer.api.cloudId,
  ifcId,
  this.$viewer.api.projectId,
  uuid
);
```

### Permissions

The `$viewer.api.permissions` object hold a set of flags that tell which actions the user is allowed to perform.

```typescript
interface Permissions {
  hasAdminPermission: boolean;
  hasBcfReadPermission: boolean;
  hasBcfWritePermission: boolean;
  hasDocReadPermission: boolean;
  hasDocWritePermission: boolean;
  hasModelReadPermission: boolean;
  hasModelWritePermission: boolean;
  hasReadPermission: boolean;
  hasWritePermission: boolean;
  userRole: string;
  tokenScopes: {
    bcf?: string[];
    model?: string[];
    document?: string[];
  };
  usableScopes: {
    bcf?: string[];
    model?: string[];
    document?: string[];
  };
}
```

### getRawElements

The `$viewer.api.getRawElements()` method retrieves all objects, their properties, classifications, systems and layers.

For performance reasons, the API sends a formatted JSON that needs to be rebuilt in order to be used in javascript.

If you want to parse data to filter objects, you probably want to use this method.

```javascript
const ifcId = 123;

> const elements = await this.$viewer.api.getRawElements(ifcId);

Reviewer: I think we want to use `modelId` on this page

```

The result is an object where keys are uuids and value are the element data formatted like
the [API response](https://api.bimdata.io/doc#/ifc/getElement).

### waitForModelProcess

The `$viewer.api.waitForModelProcess()` method can be used to wait until a given model is processed,

> that is it has a status of `C` (COMPLETED), `E` (ERROR) or `X` (WON'T FIX). It takes a **model** object as parameter.

Reviewer: typo?

Author: No typo here, the text has just been reorganized.
The paragraph about global and local contexts has been move below in the text.

Author: I will also change `that is ...` with `i.e.`.

A typical usage example is when you need to upload a model and then wait for it to be processed before opening it in a viewer.

```javascript
const processedModel = await this.$viewer.api.waitForModelProcess(model);
```

## State

The `$viewer.state` object provide a way to interact with [the global state](./state.md).

## Global and Local contexts

The [`globalContext`](./global_context.md) and the [`localContext`](./local_context.md) objects

> are related to [windows](/viewer/customize_the_ui.html#window) and the viewer UI in general.

Reviewer: Do we need a new line here?

Author: Actually the new line is not **needed**, it has no effect on the final output.
But I found it to be more readable in the text editor (especially on laptop screens).

Spinners can be displayed on the whole UI (**globalContext**) or just the current window (**localContext**).

```javascript
// A spinner on the whole UI
this.$viewer.globalContext.loadingProcessStart();

// A spinner on the current window
this.$viewer.localContext.loadingProcessStart();
```

<div style="display: flex; justify-content: space-around;">
  <p><b>Global context spinner</b></p>
  <p><b>Local context spinner</b></p>
</div>
<p align="center">
  <img width="48%" src="/assets/img/viewer/Viewer-global_context.gif" alt="Viewer global context spinner">
  <img width="48%" src="/assets/img/viewer/Viewer-local_context.gif" alt="Viewer local context spinner.">
</p>

To stop spinners use the following methods:

```javascript
this.$viewer.globalContext.loadingProcessEnd();
this.$viewer.localContext.loadingProcessEnd();
```

There is a `loading` property (on both `globalContext` and `localContext`) that indicates if a spinner is displayed on the related context.

The global spinner can also be customized via the `setSpinner` method:

```javascript
// Set custom spinner to be used as global spinner
this.$viewer.globalContext.setSpinner({

>   component: SpinnerComponent,

Reviewer: How does this work since vue3?

Only if we use the SDK build, no?

Author: This is working fine with Vue 3.
I added this method while working on the multipage PDF export feature (to display export progress).

  props: SpinnerProps,
});

// Reset global spinner to default
this.$viewer.globalContext.setSpinner(null);
```

### Modals

In a similar way, you can choose to show a modal on the whole UI or just the current window

> using modal managers available on `globalContext.modals` and `localContext.modals`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using modals manager available on `globalContext.modals` and `localContext.modals`.
```

> Modal managers allow to display modals. Modals are queue so if more than one modals are sent to the same modal manager,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modals manager allows to display modals. Modals are queued so if more than one modals are sent to the same modals manager,
```

> they will be displayed in order.

Reviewer: new line?
